The Blue Alliance is a FIRST Robotics tool to help teams scout for,
compete at, and relive competitions.

http://www.thebluealliance.com


h2. Setup

1. Download Google App engine launcher(http://code.google.com/appengine/downloads.html).

2. Import project file into Google App Engine Launcher.

3. Run!

h2. Paver Commands

Paver is an easy way automate repetitive tasks. These tasks are stored in pavement.py. Download and install paver from http://pypi.python.org/pypi/Paver/

h3. Simple Commands

* paver clean - Deletes artifacts that the app creates that you don't need.

h2. Testing

Testing is implemented using a combination of unittest2 and the Google App Engine testbed framework. Test coverage is a work in progress, and focuses on maintaining datafeed integrity in the face of optimizations and changes to FIRST's data formats.

To run the tests:
python run_tests.py <app_engine_sdk_path> tests/

On a Mac, the symlinks created by GoogleAppEngineLauncher allow you to use /usr/local/bin as the App Engine SDK path, so:
python run_tests.py <app_engine_sdk_path> tests/

h3. Fixing SSLCertificate Errors

You will get an SSLCertificate error due to differences in the implementation of the App Engine urlfetch and urlfetch_stub. To fix the error, find the file google/appengine/api/urlfetch_stub.py in your App Engine SDK and modify line 77 to be "_API_CALL_VALIDATE_CERTIFICATE_DEFAULT = False" instead of "True".

On a Mac, your App Engine SDK might live at /Applications/GoogleAppEngineLauncher.app/Contents/Resources/GoogleAppEngine-default.bundle/Contents/Resources/google_appengine

A bug tracks this App Engine issue: http://code.google.com/p/googleappengine/issues/detail?id=6736